Hey, this is a video on how to use Cloud
Code completely free. So, Cloud Code is
the number one coding agent in the world
right now, but it also costs between 20
to 200 bucks a month. It is pretty
restrictive rate limits as we know, and
some people complain about quality
fluctuations. In this video, I'm going
to show you a free fully open- source
alternative method called free cloud
code that literally lets you use the
exact same cloud code interface. So, the
same terminal and the same commands, but
with significantly more affordable
back-end models that allow you to
achieve somewhere between 80 to 90% of
the quality of Opus 4.7, but for between
2 to 5% of the cost. So very high
leverage. Let me show you how to do it.
So this is an app called Habitual that I
just put together and uh it's just a
simple habit tracker app. And what's
funny is this would have cost me
something like5 to$10 in in anthropic
credits with DeepSeek Flash V4 which is
the model that I was using inside of
this free claude code uh configuration.
I was able to build this for like 3. So
that's not hyperbole. I literally did so
for like several hundred times less
money than I would pay to anthropic. And
it's not to say that this is the exact
same quality of app that I would get if
I built you know using cloud but uh you
know the the coding models that are
available now on platforms like open
router, NVIDIA NIM and then Olama all
three sources which I'm going to run you
guys through how to set up on your end
are actually quite powerful and you can
do more or less anything you would do
with claude code um you know with one of
those models instead of a traditional
opus back end. The thing to know is, you
know, obviously at really high levels of
quality, which I think like the cloud
opus models are getting to, even a 1%
improvement in quality might mean like
really really different results. So I'm
cognizant of that. But I think a
universe probably exists where you can
fire off a lot of things with like opus
4.7 or another really advanced uh kind
of frontier model and then have you know
deepseek let's say or gm 4.7 do a lot of
like the heavy lifting work behind the
scenes, the code refactoring and so on
and so forth uh to save you like 5 to
10x what you what you normally would
have spent. So what I have over here on
the left is I I actually have Deepseek
running. You can see it's doing this in
the exact same cloud code interface as
per usual. We even have like thinking
blocks that are kind of coming out. Um
you can actually see that it's
referencing DeepSseek V4 flash via
proxy. And that's going to be the
approach I'm going to show you. But um
for all intents and purposes, I mean not
really much else to say. You talk to it
the same way that you do any sort of
like cloud opus model. Let me show you
guys how to actually set this up. It's
super easy. Takes just a few minutes.
And then I can show you guys some
examples of different models and how to
how to work with them. So the way that
typically cloud code works is you have
it set up here in a terminal. Maybe you
have it in anti-gravity, maybe you have
it in like the cloud desktop app or
something like that. And then you send
it something. So you say, "Hey," and you
know, the second that you send it a
request, what it'll do is it'll push
that over to its API right over here.
And then you'll be build usually based
off token usage directly or you know, if
you're smart, what you'll do is you get
a plan like um Pro or maybe Max or
whatever. And what these do is they
basically subsidize the token usage a
little bit in exchange for Claude or
Anthropic, the parent company, knowing
that you're going to pay a subscription
every single month. And that's all well
and good. It's just this is a fair
amount of money, right? I would much
prefer to spend 0005 per million tokens
instead of $5 per million tokens. Now,
what our solution is going to do is when
I send something over to Claude Code,
instead of it just going directly to
Enthropic, what we're going to do is
we're going to force it to instead push
to our free Claude Code proxy. And uh
this is going to be set up as a local
server on our computer. Hence why it
says localhost, you know, 8082. You can
put it on whatever freaking server you
want. But what this proxy will do then
is it's then going to route it to one of
three possibilities. The first is
Nvidia's NIM, which uh is free, you
know, with an account. I think you can
also pay for some that basically
leverages a bunch of NVIDIA GPUs to send
requests. These models aren't as good as
this next one, which costs some money.
Uh there's Open Router, which uh you
know, you can get models down to like 14
cents per million. That's quite a far
cry away from $25 per million, right?
And then finally, you have Ola. And
Olama actually uses like your your own
GPU. So you might have a GPU rig set up
or I don't know, maybe you just have a
gaming laptop or something. You can um
set up models to run directly on that
infrastructure. And if you're really
good, you can actually set them up to
run way faster than traditional uh you
know, cloud models cuz you're not
competing with millions of other people
to send those requests. So what we're
going to do right now is I'm going to
show you guys how to set up this
section, which is the free cloud code
proxy. And then after I'm actually just
going to run through um all three of
these options as well as you know all of
the models sort of on these platforms so
you guys could see everything that you
need to do in order to set them up
yourself. And you don't need any
technical experience setting up local
models or anything like that. I'm going
to I'm going to walk you guys through it
and handhold you from start to finish.
Okay. So everything starts with this
repo right here called free-cloud-code
by Ali Sharer. And it looks like this
has gained a ton of popularity in a very
short period of time. Just scrolling
down here to its star history. It was
basically at nothing in February and
March. And just now it's hit an
inflection point. A lot of people have
been sharing it and stuff like that. I
want you guys to know it's not about the
specific repo. There are a lot of very
similar approaches that do basically
exactly what this thing does. So, uh,
should you not want to use this one or
want to use a different one or should
this become unavailable at any point in
time like just, you know, don't the
point the purpose of this guide is not
to get you hooked on this one particular
solution. The purpose of this guide is
so that you guys just see it in practice
and then know how to set it up in your
end. Okay. So, what we need is we just
need this little quick start down here.
And I'll walk you guys through
everything. Um, just open up a terminal.
And so this terminal instance is
currently running, you know, Deepseek V4
Flash. This is like the one that's
actually live. Uh so what I'm going to
do is I'm just going to exit out of
this. And then I'm just going to clear.
Okay. If you don't know how to do that,
let's say you have another terminal
window open. You can also just head over
to shell new tab. If you're running uh
Windows, then you're going to have to
use like Windows specific thing called
PowerShell, which is a little bit
different. But um this quick start guide
is going to run you guys through how to
do everything regardless. So because I'm
on Mac OS or Linux, all I'm going to do
is I'm just going to copy these three
commands in. It's now going to go
through and then install everything that
it needs to. In my case, I already have
all of it installed because I've
obviously set this up before. Okay. Then
what I'm going to do is I'll just copy
this next command over. Give that a
paste. So, it's going to clone directly
in. Now, uh when I say clone directly
in, you'll see this has actually
changed. And that's because one of the
three commands here was to go into the
directory. And so, now we're actually in
the directory. If you're on PowerShell,
you just copy this command over. Um,
same thing with that. Okay. And so, from
here on out, we actually have like the
folder set up. Like I know it sounds
interesting and weird, but we've we've
done like 80% of the work. Um, just by
copying this configuration, we have more
or less everything we need aside from
just the API key of the provider that
we're using. The simplest and easiest
provider to get set up with is OpenR. So
that's what I'm going to show you guys
first. And then after that, we'll chat
NVIDIA NIM and then finally Olama. Open
Router is probably the simplest like
plugandplay dropin replacement for
whatever you guys are currently using.
If you guys have any experience sending
API requests or whatever before uh this
video, then that'll be very very simple
to you guys. And then if not, you know,
I'll show you guys how to use even
cheaper ones. But basically, what you
need to do is you just need to go and
grab your your your uh Open Router uh uh
path. So that's pretty easy. All you
need to do is just go to open router.ai.
Now, I actually already have an account
set up. So I'm just going to open up my
account. And then uh here are all my
requests that I've been making. I'm just
going to go to API keys and then I'm
just going to go create. I'll say for
YouTube. Then I don't know. I'm just
gonna expire this in like a day. That
way if I forgot the API key, nobody can
uh you know bill or run me up a million
dollars. I'm also going to copy it. And
you have to copy it right there.
Otherwise, it's going to uh basically
exit out. And then what I'm going to do,
and uh this may be kind of intimidating
if you've never done it before, but I'm
just going to find that folder. So free
cloud code. And the way that you can do
this really quickly here is just pwd. So
in my case, users next-world-cloud
freecloud code. That's pretty
straightforward. So I'm going to go to
finder. And uh I already had this open
earlier. So I'm going to go
hello-world-cloud.
And once you're done with that, you'll
see the folder. Um what you guys will
probably notice right off the bat if you
just have like a vanilla Mac install on
our developers is these files here are
sort of like um you know significantly
less opaque. They're sort of shadowed
out and you may have never seen files
like that before. What these are, these
are hidden files. Anything on a Mac with
a period in front of the file name
basically just defaults to hidden. This
is a convention that they use just so
that you know if developers build
something cool and and maybe potentially
a little dangerous. Um average, you
know, computer users don't really have
to worry about that. Um but what's
really cool is you can actually just
show or hide hidden files at any time.
And I've totally forgotten the hotkey.
So I'm just going to look up like Mac OS
hidden file hotkey. And uh right over
here you can see it's command shift
period. So I'm going to go back over
here, hold command shift, press period,
and boom. It just like removed all the
hidden files and then it's showing them.
It's removing them. It's showing them.
So yeah, if you guys ever wonder about
how to do that, um just feel free to to
look that up and it'll walk you through
it. And the file you want to edit here
is this umv file right here. Okay, as
you see, if I zoom way in on this, uh
once you open this up, there'll be
placeholders for all of the API keys.
Open router config, deepc config, you
know, lm studio config, and so on and so
forth. Okay, so I'm going to paste the
key in right over here. And then there's
one more thing that you have to do. If
you scroll all the way down to where it
says open router, you also have to
specify a model. And uh you might be
wondering where do I do that? If you
scroll down, there's a little section
where it says model. Okay, right over
here. What you have to do is you have to
you have to choose the provider from
open router. So basically, if we want to
use um Deepseek 4 or something like
that, we just go to browse all models
and then I'm just going to type deepseek
v4 flash. This one right over here.
There will be this little copy right
over here. Deepseek/deseek
um v4 flash. Okay. Once you pasted that
in, go open_outer
like this. And this should be the
format. Um, I've done this a couple of
times. You see here it's open router.
That's sort of the provider. Then
deepseeek deepseek v4 flash. If not,
we'll figure it out. Okay. I'm going to
save this. And once I'm done with that,
um, I can actually now open up a
terminal right over here. Verify that
I'm inside of this directory. Okay. And
we just did the editing on the env file,
which is hidden. So, you need to go ls-
a if you want to see it. And then from
here, we can actually just scroll up to
step three, which is start the proxy.
Paste this in. And I may have this port
set up. No, I don't. Which is nice.
Cool. And now this is running. And now
we just need to open up another terminal
window. So, a lot of terminal windows
here, but let's just open that up. Let's
just zoom way in like I did a moment
ago. I think that's about equal, right?
This one's a little bigger. And then uh
we just run claude code with this proxy
setup. Okay. So, I'm going to copy this
bash command, paste this in, and then go
enter. And you can actually see we're
running deepseek v4 flash via proxy down
here because we just made that request
and we sort of did that specification
and I'm going to go hello. So when you
say hello u basically this right over
here is just a real-time log where it's
catching every incoming request. It's
then sending that incoming request to
you know deepseek or some other
provider. Deepseek is then catching that
and then they're sending it back. And so
you know on the first initialization it
may take a little while and that's more
or less what happened here. The user
just said hello simple greeting. I
should respond in kind with a concise,
friendly greeting. Hello, how can I help
you today? Now, what's really
interesting is when you ask it, what
model are you? Because there's so much
Claude stuff um sort of baked into the
the system prompt, it doesn't always
know. And so, it's saying it's cloud
opus 4.6 with the 1 mil context. So,
when running is cloud code, the CLI
agentic interface. But what's really
interesting is despite the fact that
it's really confident that it is, you
know, if you go back to your open
router, uh sorry, you got to go down to
logs, you can actually see the request
that we just sent. It's 539. I just sent
a request over here to Deepseek V4
Flash. And uh you know, you can actually
see the the raw JSON down here with said
request as well. Like this is the same
request that we just sent a moment ago.
And what's cool is I mean this one here
uh let's see the input token was like
30,000 or so. That's the whole system
prompt of cloud code. And then the
output was 47 which is literally like
hello how can I help you today? Uh so we
we do unfortunately have to feed in the
whole system prompt of cloud code. But I
mean that is literally what cloud code
is, right? It's just part of the deal.
But yeah, now you literally have like
another model set up here. We're using
DeepSeek V4. Awesome. Build me a simple
habit tracking app in a directory. Let's
call subdirectory called habit tracker.
Make it super straightforward. Local.
This is a demo. And I just want to give
you guys like an actual live playbyplay
because, you know, I think local models,
well, not local models, sorry.
non-frontier model. So like DeepSeek
instead of, you know, one of the big
players, Anthropic, Google, you know,
OpenAI, you know, like it's not as good
and it's probably not going to be as
fast. You can actually see the number of
tokens that it produces over a time
period. Um, you know, like represented
down over here and you'll see the speeds
vary from time to time. This one over
here was 30 23.6. This one was 59.4. So
like, you know, it actually does take a
little longer to do some things. Um,
counteruditally, it takes a lot less
time to do other things because it's
like different architecture, right?
these models uh and you know DeepSeek in
particular I think is is out of China.
These ones are like built with very
different architecture in mind and they
work a little bit differently. So it's
just worth it to like actually see
what's going on and that's what I wanted
to do here. What's really cool though is
the whole cloud interface works
basically the exact same. You see here
how we have like the transfiguring. We
got the cute little messages. Uh it's
clearly doing some thinking. Uh you know
we can press option enter to send a
multi-line message. We can do a lot
here. And now you can see that we
actually have the app. So the app lives
at nyxive/habit tracker. So, what I'm
actually going to do is I'll just say
open it in Chrome and let's see if it
can uh it can get that. So, just said
open it in Chrome and then boom, we have
it right over here. Hey, what's up? So,
I'm going to add it. And now I'm just
going to kind of check my little habits.
Boom. Just did it. Fantastic. I did all
seven. Because of this, there are other
strategies that you should use as well.
Like, for instance, a common strategy
that I like using is I just create a new
instance every 50,000 tokens or so
because I find that quality goes down
every 50,000 or so tokens. uh that you
know it's just not as smart or as
capable. Obviously, you're trading off
that intelligence and capability for
money. So, what I did here is I just
opened up a new uh you know, instance
and then I said, "Hey, here's a file.
This is way too simple. Make it look lux
high quality. Add a seraf font. Make it
a much higher brow feel." Uh and now
it's running. So, as it correctly
identified, the JavaScript is pretty
clean there. Uh so, what it's going to
do instead is just uh redesign both the
HTML and the CSS, which is pretty neat.
You can actually see the updates
occurring basically live. I'm just
refreshing this over and over and over
again. uh you know, it's already
correctly established a nicer and sexier
font, which is nice. So, I don't know. I
mean, this isn't like an actual habit,
right? So, what am I going to put here?
I'll say 20 push-ups, you know? And here
I have my little thing. Nice colors,
too. And, you know, after another five
or 10 minutes, I'm sure you could see
how you could build something like this
just as a demo. I should note that I did
this entire build in like entirely using
DeepSeek. Whereas uh as I mentioned, I
think probably the best thing to do if
you really wanted a good combination of
both cost and effectiveness would be to
use a smarter model as an orchestrator
and then have it send requests to
smaller DeepSseek models with more
limited context like let's say 50 or
100K. Um just to ensure that like
everybody's doing what everybody knows
how to do the best. Okay, so that was
open router. Let me show you guys now
how to do Nvidia NIM. It's pretty
straightforward. Same idea. Just scroll
down here to where you actually have
your uh NVIDIA NIM API key section,
model section. And then what you have to
do is I actually have to go sign up to
Nvidia's NIM platform. Now, in my case,
I think I'm probably already signed up.
May it may already have me signed in
here. So, let me see. Yeah, it did. Um,
what I'll do just to show you guys sort
of what that process looks like is just
sign out. Okay. Now, all I have to do is
sign in with my email address, which I
should be able to do here. The signup
flow is probably going to ask you to put
your phone number in, your email
address, all that stuff. Um, I'm just
going to assume that you guys have phone
numbers and are willing to do that. I
also just don't want to share mine. And
then from here, just click generate API
key. And then I'll just say for YouTube.
Okay. And then the expiration here.
Again, I'm just going to do I don't
know, why don't we do 12 hours. Then
click generate key. And now you have the
actual API key right here, which is
awesome. Next thing you got to do is go
to models really quickly. Um, when you
click on models, assuming that Nvidia
actually loads, holy moly, that's slow.
Um, anyway, it'll open up this little
models page and then you can actually
select whatever specific one you want.
So, as you can see, you know, Deepseeks
over here. So, is GLM 5.1, GLM 4.7 right
now is free, so it doesn't even cost you
any money. Um, that's what I'm going to
be using just because I think that's
probably like the simplest one to get
set up with. And then, um, just because
this is taking a while, I'm just going
to go Z AI/GLM-4.7.
Okay, now we're actually in a little
test page and we can actually have a
conversation with it. We could actually
say, hey, um, this is now going to send
the request to the model. the model's
going to go through its whole thinking
uh whatever and then you know so I guess
we just verify that that works not super
relevant for us all we have to do now is
if you go back to this quick start
you'll see that it says nvidia
nim/z-ai/gm4.7
so I think we actually probably already
have this set up I'm just going to
double check just go back to finder
where you had thatv okay then from here
um just scroll down until you have the
Nvidia API key which we do so I'm just
going to paste in my Nvidia API key zoom
in a bit for you guys then scroll Scroll
down to again where it says model. And
this is going to be where uh you'll put
in the Nvidia one, the one that we just
had a moment ago. So I think that's
probably the one that we'll do. I'll use
Nvidia Nims GLM 4.7 because it's free
and you know I want to show you guys how
to do a free model. We'll paste that in.
And now I'm just going to hold command
and then press S. That's going to save
it. Uh you can you can see there are a
lot of other you know different types of
models and so on and so forth. And now
what we can do, you know, this is
currently actually doing a build right
now. Um, but as you can see, the tokens
have stalled. And the reason why the
tokens have stalled is because I just
like changed the the file. What I what
I'm going to do is I'm just going to
delete both of these. Okay. And I'm
doing that by holding control and then
pressing uh C.
I'm going to clear these out. And now
I'm just going to run the server again.
That's 8082. And then over here I'm just
going to anthropic off token. Anthropic
base URL localhost 8082 cloud. Okay. So
now I'm going to go, hey, it looks like
the reason we're getting this is speed.
I think that's because I have fast mode
on. So, let me just turn that off. Okay,
cool. So, we just went, "Hey," and then
it's sending a request over to Nvidia
now.
So, now it's saying, "Hey, how can I
help you today?" Fantastic. What you'll
find is if you're using things that
aren't supported by these models, like
for instance, these models don't have
fast mode, even though that's sort of
like enabled within Cloud Code. You send
the request, you'll receive an API error
being like, "Hey, what the hell's the
speed thing? I don't have that." So, I
just make sure you turn any of that any
and all of that stuff off. Uh, and then
I'll say, "Hey, what's your working
directory?" Just cuz I want to double
check and see what it's at. And, uh,
you'll also notice that this is still
broken. It says Deepc V4 Flash, which is
kind of funny. Uh, this one says, "Hello
World Cloud, free cloud code." Awesome.
Um, you know,
how do we change the status line? Let's
just ask it that maybe you can actually
do that. So now you can see here that
that response took a little while and
then it asked about changing the status
line. Um this thinking has occurred here
in just one giant block as opposed to
streaming which is interesting. So what
it's doing now is it's spawning the
status line setup agent okay which is
something that's actually built into
claude code interestingly enough but
again we're using a different model
brain to power it. And so that's what's
really cool about this harness like it's
interoperable and you can swap whatever
other agent sort of inside of this
container. Okay. And here it's now
asking me what the model name is. For
model name, I'm just going to say use
GLM4.7 for model name. And then
everything else the same. And let's see
if it can actually go do it if it has
enough context and intelligence to do it
natively on its own. Okay. And then the
last thing we need to do is we need to
set up Lama. So is actually pretty
straightforward. Just head over to
Lama.com and then there'll actually be a
oneliner that you can just paste into
your terminal. You can also download it
through like more conventional means. Um
but I'm just going to use the shell cuz
that's easy for me. These guys are
pretty cute. They're a lot more visual.
So all your stuff will be really
adorable. Once you're done, just type in
Lama. It'll actually like get Oama up
and running on your computer. So as you
can see here, there's now chat with a
model, launch open claw, launch claw
code, launch open code, more, right?
There's a lot more down here. Whatever
files you want. Um, just for examples,
I'll go chat with a model. And then what
do we want? We want a really simple one.
Uh, you can see a couple of these are
cloud, right? So this one's actually in
the cloud. That one's in the cloud. That
one's in the cloud. That one's in the
cloud. But I want something like really,
really, really basic and really simple.
I think I'll probably just use Gemma 4
because this one's 12 gigs and I can
probably download it through the video.
So, I'll just click Gemma 4. Download
Gemma 4. Now, it's going to pull the
manifest. I actually have to do the the
download. Now, my internet's pretty
fast, so I should be able to download,
you know, this whole thing, which says
it's around 10 GB or so in a couple
minutes. I'm just going to circle back
when it's done. We'll also go back here
to models. And then what we wanted was
Oh jeez, what did we just download? I
think it was Okay, awesome. So we
actually have Gemma 4. And the reason
why I'm doing this is because I just
want to get the uh the code and it looks
like the code is just Gemma 4 itself all
lowercase. So we should be able to do
that pretty straightforwardly when it's
done. Okay. And then I think we're now
actually talking to it. So I'll just say
hey. And yeah, you can see the thinking
process is now being written. Uh what's
cool is this is now entirely local on my
computer. Um are you on the cloud or
what? I don't actually know if it's
going to know. It's asking a
philosophical question. Yeah. No, it
clearly doesn't actually know where it's
running. Um, that's pretty funny.
Anyway, regardless, uh, we have
basically everything that we we need set
up, which is cool. So, I'm just actually
just going to exit out of this. I think
it's control D. Okay. Once you're done
with this, I'll just controll C. Okay.
And I'll clear it. Okay. And then once
we're done, um, we just need to write
pull and I'll pull Gemma 4. That will
actually like go and grab Gemma 4. I
mean, in my case, I already have it on
my computer cuz we just downloaded it.
But from there, we just go serve. Uh,
and I think the reason why it's served
is it I I think it like autos serves.
Um, when you do that now, it might not
have used to do that. Alternatively, we
might have just already been running it,
which is great. Um, that means we can
now go through and then update the last
thing that needs updating. And then open
up the file and then look for Lama. You
can see down here it says config local
provider, new API key provider. Then it
gives me the base URL. And if you guys
notice the base URL, localhost col1434
is the same as the 11434 here. and the
local host. Another way to say that is
just 12700 01. So what this is saying is
like, hey, you're currently running the
server for a llama on this, which is
obviously awesome to us. Okay. And then
the last thing we have to do is we have
to actually grab um whatever this is
gemma for latest. Okay. And then copy
that over and then paste it in right
here. And we always have to prepend with
lama if it's if it's listed up here. So
llama and then gem for colon latest.
Save that. And then now we can actually
go and run the app again. So we just ran
the app and then uh I think it's over
here. So we connect to that and now we
should be having a conversation with um
Gemma 4. So I'll say hey let's see how
it goes. You can see this is sent I
think to a different endpoint. So this
tells me it's probably right. What's
really interesting is I just sent that
and my computer just started getting
really hot. The reason why is because
all of this was occurring locally on my
on my own computer. I can actually hear
it humming now which is really funny.
Um, that's because it's literally
passing through that request and doing
all the transformer multiplication, uh,
matrix, you know, inversions and
whatever the hell, like literally on my
own computer, which is really cool to
me. And it's now dying down because it's
not actually doing the the run anymore.
So, that took a fair amount of time just
to get this response, right? And the
reason why is because when you run on
local models like a llama, um, it's it's
really slow, like to be honest, because
it's running on your own hardware,
right? Uh it's differently if you're
running on like dedicated GPUs like with
open router or um even like Nvidia NIM.
But here like I am literally running on
my MacBook and my MacBook is not
optimized for this at all. So hopefully
I'm still capable of recording without
uh skipping frames or whatever. But
yeah, that's uh that's how you run it
locally on your on your computer as
well. And I should note that this is a
pretty big model. You know, it's like uh
you know 10 GB with 128k context running
locally. You know, if you don't have a
pretty good computer, you'll probably
have to use a dumber model. So um I
don't know. You can go newest tier to
sort by like the the good ones. But a
pretty reliable one was the Llama series
of models for a while. So, uh, you know,
if you're running something a little bit
smaller, maybe Llama, let me see, Llama
3.1, 3.2. These ones are okay. Um, this
guy said it was Mythos, which is
hilarious. You'll also see that models
on a Llama are from different people.
This is by Sadiki Siddiki Nashra, which
is pretty interesting. And so, typically
what they'll do is they'll like modify
the model a little bit. They'll change
it. They'll fine-tune it. They'll just
make it make it different. So, feel free
to take a look see through Alama's um
database of models and see if there's
anything maybe that like works for you.
A payroll specific model, accounting
specific model and what have you. One
more thing that I'll mention is um
earlier I talked about having Claude
orchestrate conversations between
DeepSeek and then, you know, a smarter
model in order to do stuff. And so, what
I've done here, if I just get my ugly
head out of the way, is um is I've done
that. I've uh basically said, "Hey, send
a message to DeepSeek using the flow we
created earlier. Then tell me what it
says back." And so that's what it's
doing right now. It's actually basically
doing all this hosting stuff totally on
its own. And as you can see, when you
just send a message directly to
DeepSeek, it says, "I am Deepseek, the
latest version of the AI model developed
by Deepseek company." Um, you know,
okay, great. Orchestrate it to build an
app, guide it, and suggest it through
the steps. app description.
I don't know, simple calorie tracker,
but MVP needs to appear super lux and
high-end for the purposes of a demo. And
um you know what's happening right now
is like my much smarter model opus 4.6
in this case. I know it's saying GLM 4.7
down here, but that's because we
actually just updated the status line
manually, which you shouldn't probably
do by the way. I hardcoded in GLM 4.7
just as proof of concept. Uh what we're
doing is we're using this much smarter
opus model to basically communicate with
DeepSeek through the proxy server that
we just set up. So it's actually using
you know cloud code under the hood and
then we're going back and forth. And as
you can see our simple prompt here was
understood, digested and then spat out
by Opus. So it's a lot more complex and
actually has some opinionated baked in
font choices and colors and stuff like
that. And um it's just sending all of
this over to DeepSeek right now and it's
just going to go back and forth with
Deep Seek until we have you know an okay
looking app. And as you guys can see the
orchestration sort of approach put
together this app which is kind of neat.
Uh this is just a a base calorie tracker
but still looks pretty cool. Obviously
some minor issues here like the spacing.
I think if I built in a better
orchestration loop like I had it do
screenshots and stuff it probably would
have sorted that out. Even has some like
quick ad calorie stuff which is wild.
Then you actually have the the log here
as well. So you can get, you know,
arbitrarily complex, more or less as
complex as you want. Looks like it even
did a little calorie tracker export,
which is awesome. So that's pretty cool.
And um, you know, when Anthropic ran the
same sort of infrastructure, uh, I think
pairing opus 4.6 with I think Sonnet 4.6
or maybe it was Opus 4.5 with Sonnet 4.5
sub aents because this is basically what
we're doing is sub agent flow. Uh, I
think it performed like I don't know 15%
better or something like that. So what
we're doing now is we're not just using
sub aents made by the same company.
We're using subs that are hundreds of
times cheaper to do a lot of our
intellectual heavy lifting. And then the
Opus series is just going to take a look
at it and be like that's good or that's
bad, which is obviously a lot more
profitable. Okay, so hopefully you guys
appreciated that video. I had a lot of
fun putting it together. Uh costs were a
major concern of mine up until just a
few years ago when I started uh you know
making a fair amount of money with the
stuff. So obviously this sort of
intelligence should be equally
distributed, but for the near term I
doubt that it will be simply because you
know uh model companies got to eat. I
guess GPUs got to go burr. If you guys
like this sort of thing and you want to
see how to maybe make some money as
opposed to try and squeeze your wallet
as much as you possibly can, definitely
check out Maker School. It's my
day-by-day accountability program where
I basically show people how to take
their skills with cloud code and then
other no code automation platforms as
well like NAD and so on and so forth and
then use that to sell AI agents and full
workflow automation to companies to make
a living. Uh we have a 90-day guarantee
where you will get your first client
within 90 days or I will pay you all of
the money that you spent on my program
back. Uh, it's been run through by over
10,000 people to date and I'm not going
to sit here advertising any more than
that, but it's pretty cool. There's
basically no downside to signing up.
Aside from that, if you could do me a
big solid, just like and subscribe to
the video, uh, every little bit of
engagement helps and I'm starting a big
YouTube run here, so that'd be quite
valuable. And, uh, yeah, let me know
what you guys want to see next because I
make videos like this basically entirely
based off of your requests and
recommendations. This one was made
directly by a request that I received a
couple of days ago. Have a lovely rest
of the day and I'll catch all y'all in
the next